Individual reflection week 7 by Johannes Kvernes


What do I want to learn or understand better?
(A) What have I learned?
This sprint I have gotten more comfortable with reviewing code and commenting on and accepting pull requests on github. I also looked through some slides to refresh my memory about agile practices.
(B) What do I want to learn?
If I were to have this project again, it would be fun to run the website on a server so that I could access it from anywhere and others could as well. This means I would have to learn how to set up a server and the communication between the server and the client.
(A -> B) How do I learn it?
I could do research online, and ask friends who have done this kind of thing.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
(A) What have I done to help the team?
As this sprint was the last one, not much focus has been on learning new things, but in our discussions I have been as active as I could.
(B) What do I want to do to help someone learn something new?
In a future project, I believe I should be more active and speak more, which could help others in the group if I have answers to their questions.
(A -> B) How do I want to help someone else learn something new?
Apply my programming knowledge, or the knowledge that I’ve obtained about scrum and agile processes in this course.


What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?
(A) What have I contributed with?
I have made sure that we follow the rules in the contract and definition of done. Though this was not much work, as all team members are very reliable.
(B) What do I want to contribute with?
In a future project, I would like to have a more present role, perhaps as scrum master.
(A -> B) How can I accomplish that?
“Claim” scrum master as my role in the beginning of the project.


What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
(A) What have I contributed with?
I have written part of the team reflection, and I have coded and reviewed a lot of code.
(B) What do I want to contribute with?
I think I have contributed with a good amount and quality to the deliveries, so I do not wish to make any changes to that. That is, I want to code a lot and write team reflections or other similar documents.
(A -> B) How can I contribute?
Code a lot and write team reflections or other similar documents. It’s just that easy.