Individual reflection week 3 by Johannes Kvernes

What do I want to learn or understand better?
(A) What do I know now?
I have learned more about KPI:s by reading up on them and discussing with others.
(B) What do I want to learn?
I now want to learn more about react and understand the many different functions and applications it has,  as it seems like a powerful tool for creating websites.
(A -> B) How do I learn it?
I could watch tutorials on Youtube and read guides online, but most importantly I have to code a lot.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
(A) Is there something that someone does not know how to do?
Currently, everyone has pretty much the same knowledge scrum-wise.
(B) What do I want to do to help someone learn something new?
If anyone has any difficulties with programming, I can point them in the right direction.
(A -> B) How do I want to help someone else learn something new?
As last time, apply my programming knowledge. This time though, we have decided to make a website using reactjs. I have some experience with html and css (used with react), so I can teach whoever needs it.

What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?
(A) What have I contributed with?
I have contributed with a way to break down the user stories into tasks and keep them in the trello board. I have also come up with ideas about several other things.
(B) What do I want to contribute with?
Trello board as usual. Also voice my opinions and thoughts (I’m pretty bad at that).
(A -> B) How can I accomplish that?
Spend some time each sprint to check if the user stories should be changed or remain the way they are. 

What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
(A) What have I contributed with?
I have coded, and written part of the team reflection.
(B) What do I want to contribute with?
I want to code more.
(A -> B) How can I contribute?
“Steal” some user story and work on it on my own (we code in small groups now, but I could take a small user story and code it myself). Only if the team agrees of course.